




VISION STATEMENT 

To be the preferred investment service provider to the clients we serve.


MISSION STATEMENT 

We are committed to enriching society by delivering superior investment services. We are not afraid to continually challenge conventional wisdom and actively encourage change in order to pursue growth. We are committed to putting our clients at the heart of our business, developing and maintaining long-standing relationships based on trust. We are one firm, committed to delivering the full range of our capabilities, knowledge and resources to meet the needs of our clients. We respect diversity and value differences of opinion.

provide investment  products and services to meet the needs of our clients and deliver superior returns.
In doing so, the aspirations of our employees for growth and development are realized, and enhanced value achieved for all our stakeholders.

OUR CORE VALUES 

We do the right thing 
We act with integrity and put our clients first.
We think for the long term 
We engage in thoughtful decision making and believe that investment excellence should drive our decisions.
We work together to achieve common goals
We show respect and humility towards each other and our clients. We believe in creating a supportive work environment that fosters teamwork, collegiality, and effective communication.
We strive for excellence 
We make the extra effort, practice continuous improvement, and stay flexible to adapt to changing circumstances.
We are committed to employees
We foster an environment that provides flexibility and opportunity for growth, while also requiring accountability.
We are independent 
We will remain a privately owned, independent firm to ensure that we act in the best interest of our clients and employees.
We are community minded 
We support philanthropic giving and encourage employee volunteerism.







Risk Adjusted Return on Investments:
Recognising the expected yields and pitfalls of a market is essential to good investment. Some investors are blinded to risk by lucrative returns. Others fail to the see the gains from a calculated speculation, yet the wisest consider all aspects when planning their portfolio.


Investing in Multiple Sectors and Products:
Diversifying our portfolio protects the company as a whole. A downturn in one sector can be compensated with profits from another, while wise judgment selects good prospects for regular returns. What's more, owning several businesses allows us to cross-sell to clients. 


Becoming a Worldwide Company:
With more markets opening up ..the smartest investor does business with the world. In addition, covering several national markets ensures downturn in one area is balanced by growth in another.


Cultivating Strong Working Relationships with Operating Partners:
All of our acquisitions  and partnerships depend on good working relationships. We trust our people's knowledge and insights to deliver returns on investment, and time and again, they deliver.

OUR PHILOSOPHY

We are a dynamic group seizing market opportunities, with the benefit of specialist expertise.


	•	Invest as a medium to long-term investor selling only on the basis of fundamental change in the original investment case.
	•	Invest in quality companies that have a proven track record of growing profitability.
	•	Construct a diversified portfolio of investments, based on the time-tested 'STEEPP' investment criteria


Welcome to our Investor Centre
We know you put your trust in us when you invest your money and buy shares in our company. In return, it is our intention to build the best portfolio we can and be transparent in everything we do. We pride ourselves on our investors’ communication. We believe in keeping you informed about your portfolio because it’s vital that you always know where your money is invested and how it is performing.

 #Subscribe 




Building Real Wealth since 2019!

Gaza Investment Limited is an independent (Real -Estate,agro)  investment management firm  (RC: 1702585 ) that provides a range of active investment strategies to serve a broad spectrum of client needs.
Being far from the status quo investment arena inspires us to think outside of popular opinion and base our decisions on unconventional wisdom and a larger frame of reference.


Gaza is a fast growing Investment firm  (RC: 1702585 ) with an excellent track record of protecting and growing investors capital through opportunistic investment strategies across a broad real estate , money market and agriculture led industries in hard assets and venture. 





When it comes to finding value, it’s more than what we do. It’s how we do it: how we t




HOW WE THINK

How we invest starts with how we think. We bring a more flexible perspective than that of other investment firms. We view a wider range of opportunities and look beyond conventional boundaries to find hidden value. We then collectively hone ideas via borderless cross-pollination better judgment and results.



HOW WE INVEST


At Gaza,we invest differently. We take a disci- plined approach to portfolio construction, guided more by convictions than convention. Rather than using benchmarks as our starting point, we apply active management to seek the best value for our clients. Thorough analysis and our relative-value framework lead to conviction in our securities selection, which may result in focused portfolios.


HOW WE ARE STRUCTURED 

How we think and invest is made possible by how we’re structured.GAZA collaborative, relative-value re- search structure is such that we consider all members of the investment team to be resources for all of the firm’s strategies. All analysts may make contributions to multiple strategies. The portfolio managers also serve as research analysts. This allows them to integrate with, rather than be separated from, the discovery of investment ideas.
Putting our clients first is also a key principle at Thornburg. Proud of our investment strategies and thoughtful of our practices, we consider transparency and openness imperative to building trust and instilling confidence in our investors.


OUR INVEST PLANS.








	◦	
